---
layout: post
title:  Visa
categories: investment
tags: finance bought
---

## Thesis
Visa is a global payment processing company that connect businesses, banks and institutions in more than 200 countries. Its network effect and reach creates a barrier of entry for other competitors.  In fact there are limited number of competitors in this space, including MasterCard, Discover Card and American Express. Visa is probably the largest from a global perspective. 

Despite the growing e-payment businesses, such as paypal, google, apple payment systems with their ability lock users into their respective online retail channels, these competitors may not be able to displace Visa from the diverse offline retail channels, which are connected to Visa network, with the banks behind it wanting their fair share. These e-payment, in most cases, use Visa as their customers's funding source. Visa's ubiquity cannot totally be ignored. 

It may be too early to draw a conclusion from these new technology innovations and how they could disrupt the market. But I believe transaction processing is a competitive advantage itself given the issues of integration, fraud detection, scalability, volume and accuracy. I believe Visa has integrated well with all the financial institutions and businesses already. 


<!--more-->

## Price bought
17 USD (or 68 USD before the split)


## Type of investment
 Growth

## Catalyst
Continued growth in Emerging Markets, openig market in China

## Recent Events




## Exit Strategy
- If online, mobile payments change the competitive landscape
- When global growth falters, which may take a long time. 
- If grossly overvalued
