---
layout: post
title:  Coach
categories: investment
tags: consumer research
---

Founded in the 1940s, Coach is an affordable luxury brand focused on leather handbags. With a strong brand image, focus on quality and service, and loyal customers, Coach can  continue to be a viable brand in the forseeable future. 

In recent years, excessive promotions/discounts, aggressive outlet store openings has tarnished the brand image. I think the companies transformative strategy is constructive in bringing the brand to shape, but only time can tell. In fashion, consumer preference is fickle, so it can't be guranteed. I am currently under water, but holding on to it. 


## Company Overview




## Industry Overview





## Qualitative

1. Market potential for the long run

Handbags are descretionary items that most women are delighted to own. I believe a focus on brand image, quality and service will bring sustainable growth to the company. As emerging markets grow, their middle class will also purchase affordable luxury handbags. 

2. Management determination to develop products and process for the long haul

They are focused on bringing the brand image back to its status as an affordable luxury brand. 

3. R&D efforts relative to its size
4. Sales organization
5. Profit Margin
6. Improving profit margins?
7. Labor and personnel relations
8. Outstanding executive relations?
9.  Depth in managements
10. Growth:

## Positives

## Risks



## Exit Strategy
Multi-year transformation fail to ignite brand growth. 